[Identity] Adding AdditionallyAllowedTenants to constrain multi-tenant auth (#31037)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/identity/Azure.Identity/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.7.0 (2022-09-13)

### Features Added
- Added `AdditionallyAllowedTenants` to the following credential options to force explicit opt-in behavior for multi-tenant authentication:
    - `AuthorizationCodeCredentialOptions`
    - `AzureCliCredentialOptions`
    - `AzurePowerShellCredentialOptions`
    - `ClientAssertionCredentialOptions`
    - `ClientCertificateCredentialOptions`
    - `ClientSecretCredentialOptions`
    - `DefaultAzureCredentialOptions`
    - `OnBehalfOfCredentialOptions`
    - `UsernamePasswordCredentialOptions`
    - `VisualStudioCodeCredentialOptions`
    - `VisualStudioCredentialOptions`
- Added `TenantId` to `DefaultAzureCredentialOptions` to avoid having to set `InteractiveBrowserTenantId`, `SharedTokenCacheTenantId`, `VisualStudioCodeTenantId`, and `VisualStudioTenantId` individually.

### Breaking Changes

> - Credential types supporting multi-tenant authentication will now throw `AuthenticationFailedException` if the requested tenant ID doesn't match the tenant id of the credential, and is not included in the `AdditionallyAllowedTenants` option. Applications must now explicitly add additional tenents to the `AdditionallyAllowedTenants` list, or add '*' to list, to enable acquiring tokens from tenants other than the originally specified tenant ID. See [BREAKING_CHANGES.md](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/identity/Azure.Identity/BREAKING_CHANGES.md#170)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Credential types supporting multi-tenant authentication will now throw `AuthenticationFailedException` if the requested tenant ID doesn't match the credential's tenant ID, and is not included in the `AdditionallyAllowedTenants` option. Applications must now explicitly add additional tenants to the `AdditionallyAllowedTenants` list, or add '*' to list, to enable acquiring tokens from tenants other than the originally specified tenant ID. See [BREAKING_CHANGES.md](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/identity/Azure.Identity/BREAKING_CHANGES.md#170).
```
